README.md, before:

[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/owl_1.0.0-passing-green)](https://github.com/gongahkia/owl/releases/tag/1.0)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/owl_2.0.0-build-orange)](https://github.com/gongahkia/owl/releases/tag/2.0.0)

# `Owl` 🦉

Watches your google editors.

## Rationale

> TODO add more details here later

## Screenshot

### Docs Owl

![]()
![]()

> todo add more details here

### Sheets Owl

![]()
![]()

> TODO add more details here

### Slides Owl

![]()
![]()

> TODO add more details here

## Colorschemes

> TODO add more details here

| Colorscheme | Example |
| :--- | :---: |
| Gruvbox | ![](./asset/screenshot/gruvbox.png) |
| Everforest | ![](./asset/screenshot/everforest.png) |
| Tokyo Night | ![](./asset/screenshot/tokyoNight.png) |
| Atom Dark | ![](./asset/screenshot/atomDark.png) |
| Monokai | ![](./asset/screenshot/monokai.png) |
| Github | ![](./asset/screenshot/github.png) |
| Ayu | ![](./asset/screenshot/ayu.png) |
| Dracula | ![](./asset/screenshot/dracula.png) |
| Rose Pine | ![](./asset/screenshot/rosePine.png) |
| Spacemacs | ![](./asset/screenshot/spacemacs.png) |

## Configurations

> TODO add more details here

```js

```

```html

```

## Tags

> TODO add here

## Usage

See [instructions](./INSTRUCTIONS.md).

> TODO add more details here

## Deployment 

| Platform | Status | Link | 
| :--- | :--- | :--- |  
| Google Docs | ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-%20Up-green) | [docs.google](https://docs.google.com) |
| Google Sheets | ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-%20Up-green) | [sheets.google](https://sheets.google.com) |
| Google Slides | ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-%20Up-green) | [slides.google](https://slides.google.com) |
| Google Workspace Marketplace | ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-Pending%20Approval-yellow) | [workspace.google.com/marketplace](https://workspace.google.com/marketplace/search/) |

## Disclaimer

> TODO add here

## References

The name `Owl` is in reference to the [second technique](https://kagurabachi.fandom.com/wiki/Seiichi_Samura#Techniques) of [Tobimune](https://kagurabachi.fandom.com/wiki/Enchanted_Blade#Tobimune) (飛宗), the [enchanted blade](https://kagurabachi.fandom.com/wiki/Enchanted_Blade) wielded by the contracted sword bearer [Seiichi Samura](https://kagurabachi.fandom.com/wiki/Seiichi_Samura) (座村清市) during the [Seitei War](https://kagurabachi.fandom.com/wiki/Seitei_War). [Owl](https://kagurabachi.fandom.com/wiki/Seiichi_Samura#Techniques) first appears during the [Sword Bearer Assassination arc](https://kagurabachi.fandom.com/wiki/Sword_Bearer_Assassination_Arc) of the manga series [Kagurabachi](https://kagurabachi.fandom.com/wiki/Kagurabachi_Wiki).

![](./asset/logo/owl.png)

Commit message:

feat(app): added reference table

README.md, after:

[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/owl_1.0.0-passing-green)](https://github.com/gongahkia/owl/releases/tag/1.0)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/owl_2.0.0-build-orange)](https://github.com/gongahkia/owl/releases/tag/2.0.0)

# `Owl` 🦉

Watches your google editors.

## Rationale

> TODO add more details here later

## Screenshot

### Docs Owl

![]()
![]()

> todo add more details here

### Sheets Owl

![]()
![]()

> TODO add more details here

### Slides Owl

![]()
![]()

> TODO add more details here

## Colorschemes

> TODO add more details here

| Colorscheme | Example |
| :--- | :---: |
| Gruvbox | ![](./asset/screenshot/gruvbox.png) |
| Everforest | ![](./asset/screenshot/everforest.png) |
| Tokyo Night | ![](./asset/screenshot/tokyoNight.png) |
| Atom Dark | ![](./asset/screenshot/atomDark.png) |
| Monokai | ![](./asset/screenshot/monokai.png) |
| Github | ![](./asset/screenshot/github.png) |
| Ayu | ![](./asset/screenshot/ayu.png) |
| Dracula | ![](./asset/screenshot/dracula.png) |
| Rose Pine | ![](./asset/screenshot/rosePine.png) |
| Spacemacs | ![](./asset/screenshot/spacemacs.png) |

## Configurations

> TODO add more details here

```js

```

```html

```

## Tags

The below tags are currently supported.

| Tag | Purpose | Example |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| TODO | Task to be completed in the future | ![]() |
| FIXME | Signposts areas that require explicit urgent attention  | ![]() |
| REV | Signposts areas that require less urgent revision | ![]() |
| TEMP | Denotes temporary placeholder text | ![]() |
| REF | Points to a reference, generally to more detailed documentation, resources or bibliography | ![]() |

> TODO add images here

> [!TIP]  
> More tags *(or custom tags)* might be added in the future. Open an issue to feedback!

## Usage

See [instructions](./INSTRUCTIONS.md).

> TODO add more details here

## Deployment 

| Platform | Status | Link | 
| :--- | :--- | :--- |  
| Google Docs | ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-%20Up-green) | [docs.google](https://docs.google.com) |
| Google Sheets | ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-%20Up-green) | [sheets.google](https://sheets.google.com) |
| Google Slides | ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-%20Up-green) | [slides.google](https://slides.google.com) |
| Google Workspace Marketplace | ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-Pending%20Approval-yellow) | [workspace.google.com/marketplace](https://workspace.google.com/marketplace/search/) |

## Disclaimer

> TODO add here

## References

The name `Owl` is in reference to the [second technique](https://kagurabachi.fandom.com/wiki/Seiichi_Samura#Techniques) of [Tobimune](https://kagurabachi.fandom.com/wiki/Enchanted_Blade#Tobimune) (飛宗), the [enchanted blade](https://kagurabachi.fandom.com/wiki/Enchanted_Blade) wielded by the contracted sword bearer [Seiichi Samura](https://kagurabachi.fandom.com/wiki/Seiichi_Samura) (座村清市) during the [Seitei War](https://kagurabachi.fandom.com/wiki/Seitei_War). [Owl](https://kagurabachi.fandom.com/wiki/Seiichi_Samura#Techniques) first appears during the [Sword Bearer Assassination arc](https://kagurabachi.fandom.com/wiki/Sword_Bearer_Assassination_Arc) of the manga series [Kagurabachi](https://kagurabachi.fandom.com/wiki/Kagurabachi_Wiki).

![](./asset/logo/owl.png)
